doc: how to unset Clear Linux' CFLAGS and CXXFLAGS (#17029)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/getting_started/installation_linux.rst

   sudo swupd bundle-add c-basic dev-utils dfu-util dtc \
     os-core-dev python-basic python3-basic python3-tcl

> Clear Linux' focus is *native* performance and security and not

Reviewer: We can avoid the awkward possessive with
```suggestion
The Clear Linux focus is on *native* performance and security and not
```

cross-compilation. For that reason it uniquely exports by default to the
:ref:`environment <env_vars>` of all users a list of compiler and linker
flags. Zephyr's CMake build system will either warn or fail because of

> these. To clear the C/C++ flags among these and fix the Zephyr build run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
these. To clear the C/C++ flags among these and fix the Zephyr build, run
```

the following command as root then log out and back in:

.. code-block:: console

>    # echo 'unset CFLAGS CXXFLAGS' >> /etc/profile.d/unset_cflags.sh

Reviewer 2: Can't we add this to `~/.zephyrrc` file instead?

Author: Yes if you find a reliable way to source it (or zephyr-env.sh) that doesn't get overriden. So this doesn't change the problem, it just moves it somewhere else.
I'm already linking to https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/guides/env_vars.html which is the best place to discuss all environment questions once for all; however I could insist a bit more on that link, would you like me to?
